# Assignment-4
I have done this assignement using Python.
##In the beginning of this study, I checked general characteristic of the data set. Data has some NULL values. Even though, dropping missing values is still an option due to low percentage of missing values in data, I preferred to filled them by the mean of data. Data set shows that red wine is very reach in wine quality with a high correlation with alcohol. I also looked at quality levels in each variable by using suitable charts for a general understanding. Following sections, I searched for 2 different types of models with different bins. Behind this study I created many models for a better accuracy and recall scores. This study only shows the best model with good scores and predictions. The first model was included 2 bins with all variables in a quality range of 0-5,5-10. This model gives %0.74 accuracy score on train and test samples. df_bins3 data frame was split in 3 different bins to check accuracy levels. First bin was between 0-5,5-6,6-10 range. This model gives score of %0.58.
#On the other hand, when bins are arranged by following 0-4,4-7,7-10; score reached 0.93%. I continued with this model for the further steps on other performance measurements.

#A general note: These results for imbalance data, thus I would like to see scores after balancing data set. Due to this reason, and to check the difference between logistic regression model, I resampled imbalance data. In previous steps, I added bins in low and high ranges on quality variable, this section will show the results by using resampling method. However, having very high scores and a negative R square show that data set needs another approach at the end. For further studies, more suitable data set can be chosen.

#A Quick Note for Resampling Data: Splitting data in 2 parts from 0 to 5 gives a balance distribution. However, when we split data from 0 to 4 in the first bin, I got an imbalance data. After resampling our data, I needed to switch y values in array format to have Cross Validation scores.

#Generally, our measurements and model scores worked well to show the aim of the study. This study can be completed in a shorter way as well without repeating similar functions; however, this study also aims to use different methods to have accurate scores from variable sources.

#I focused on classification methods on this study. However, I agree that other algorithms can be more successful such as Random forest and Boosting algorithms give better results. I will use these methods in my next kernel.
